include make.self
ALL_INCLUES= include/transform_format.h include/graphic.h include/core/gray.h include/core/cvt_color.h include/regress/f2c.h include/regress/blaswrap.h include/regress/clapack.h include/regress/graphic_regress.h include/debug.h include/transform_high.h include/transform.h include/package.h include/transform_math.h
all: GP_MAIN libpics.so 
GP_MAIN:  build/package_status_user.o build/package_package.o build/core_cvt_color.o build/core_graphic.o build/regress_graphic_regress.o build/transform_transform_filter.o build/transform_transform.o build/transform_transform_math.o build/transform_transform_base.o build/transform_transform_high.o build/libjpeg_transupp.o build/libjpeg_jquant2.o build/libjpeg_jquant1.o build/libjpeg_jccolor.o build/libjpeg_jdapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdmerge.o build/libjpeg_jccoefct.o build/libjpeg_jdatadst.o build/libjpeg_jidctint.o build/libjpeg_jddctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jcomapi.o build/libjpeg_jdmaster.o build/libjpeg_jdmainct.o build/libjpeg_jcphuff.o build/libjpeg_jcparam.o build/libjpeg_jdphuff.o build/libjpeg_jdmarker.o build/libjpeg_jfdctint.o build/libjpeg_jdcoefct.o build/libjpeg_jutils.o build/libjpeg_jcmainct.o build/libjpeg_jdhuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemansi.o build/libjpeg_jcsample.o build/libjpeg_jcinit.o build/libjpeg_jdatasrc.o build/libjpeg_jcapimin.o build/libjpeg_jcmaster.o build/libjpeg_jerror.o build/libjpeg_jidctflt.o build/libjpeg_jidctfst.o build/libjpeg_jcapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdapimin.o build/libjpeg_jchuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemmgr.o build/libjpeg_jctrans.o build/libjpeg_jdpostct.o build/libjpeg_jcmarker.o build/libjpeg_jdcolor.o build/libjpeg_jdinput.o build/libjpeg_jidctred.o build/libjpeg_jcprepct.o build/libjpeg_jdtrans.o build/libjpeg_jcdctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jfdctfst.o build/libjpeg_jfdctflt.o build/libjpeg_jdsample.o build/main.o
	g++  -O3 -o GP_MAIN  build/package_status_user.o build/package_package.o build/core_cvt_color.o build/core_graphic.o build/regress_graphic_regress.o build/transform_transform_filter.o build/transform_transform.o build/transform_transform_math.o build/transform_transform_base.o build/transform_transform_high.o build/libjpeg_transupp.o build/libjpeg_jquant2.o build/libjpeg_jquant1.o build/libjpeg_jccolor.o build/libjpeg_jdapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdmerge.o build/libjpeg_jccoefct.o build/libjpeg_jdatadst.o build/libjpeg_jidctint.o build/libjpeg_jddctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jcomapi.o build/libjpeg_jdmaster.o build/libjpeg_jdmainct.o build/libjpeg_jcphuff.o build/libjpeg_jcparam.o build/libjpeg_jdphuff.o build/libjpeg_jdmarker.o build/libjpeg_jfdctint.o build/libjpeg_jdcoefct.o build/libjpeg_jutils.o build/libjpeg_jcmainct.o build/libjpeg_jdhuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemansi.o build/libjpeg_jcsample.o build/libjpeg_jcinit.o build/libjpeg_jdatasrc.o build/libjpeg_jcapimin.o build/libjpeg_jcmaster.o build/libjpeg_jerror.o build/libjpeg_jidctflt.o build/libjpeg_jidctfst.o build/libjpeg_jcapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdapimin.o build/libjpeg_jchuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemmgr.o build/libjpeg_jctrans.o build/libjpeg_jdpostct.o build/libjpeg_jcmarker.o build/libjpeg_jdcolor.o build/libjpeg_jdinput.o build/libjpeg_jidctred.o build/libjpeg_jcprepct.o build/libjpeg_jdtrans.o build/libjpeg_jcdctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jfdctfst.o build/libjpeg_jfdctflt.o build/libjpeg_jdsample.o build/main.o  ${SELF_VARIABLES}
libpics.so:  build/package_status_user.o build/package_package.o build/core_cvt_color.o build/core_graphic.o build/regress_graphic_regress.o build/transform_transform_filter.o build/transform_transform.o build/transform_transform_math.o build/transform_transform_base.o build/transform_transform_high.o build/libjpeg_transupp.o build/libjpeg_jquant2.o build/libjpeg_jquant1.o build/libjpeg_jccolor.o build/libjpeg_jdapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdmerge.o build/libjpeg_jccoefct.o build/libjpeg_jdatadst.o build/libjpeg_jidctint.o build/libjpeg_jddctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jcomapi.o build/libjpeg_jdmaster.o build/libjpeg_jdmainct.o build/libjpeg_jcphuff.o build/libjpeg_jcparam.o build/libjpeg_jdphuff.o build/libjpeg_jdmarker.o build/libjpeg_jfdctint.o build/libjpeg_jdcoefct.o build/libjpeg_jutils.o build/libjpeg_jcmainct.o build/libjpeg_jdhuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemansi.o build/libjpeg_jcsample.o build/libjpeg_jcinit.o build/libjpeg_jdatasrc.o build/libjpeg_jcapimin.o build/libjpeg_jcmaster.o build/libjpeg_jerror.o build/libjpeg_jidctflt.o build/libjpeg_jidctfst.o build/libjpeg_jcapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdapimin.o build/libjpeg_jchuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemmgr.o build/libjpeg_jctrans.o build/libjpeg_jdpostct.o build/libjpeg_jcmarker.o build/libjpeg_jdcolor.o build/libjpeg_jdinput.o build/libjpeg_jidctred.o build/libjpeg_jcprepct.o build/libjpeg_jdtrans.o build/libjpeg_jcdctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jfdctfst.o build/libjpeg_jfdctflt.o build/libjpeg_jdsample.o build/main.o
	g++  -O3 --share  -o libpics.so  build/package_status_user.o build/package_package.o build/core_cvt_color.o build/core_graphic.o build/regress_graphic_regress.o build/transform_transform_filter.o build/transform_transform.o build/transform_transform_math.o build/transform_transform_base.o build/transform_transform_high.o build/libjpeg_transupp.o build/libjpeg_jquant2.o build/libjpeg_jquant1.o build/libjpeg_jccolor.o build/libjpeg_jdapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdmerge.o build/libjpeg_jccoefct.o build/libjpeg_jdatadst.o build/libjpeg_jidctint.o build/libjpeg_jddctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jcomapi.o build/libjpeg_jdmaster.o build/libjpeg_jdmainct.o build/libjpeg_jcphuff.o build/libjpeg_jcparam.o build/libjpeg_jdphuff.o build/libjpeg_jdmarker.o build/libjpeg_jfdctint.o build/libjpeg_jdcoefct.o build/libjpeg_jutils.o build/libjpeg_jcmainct.o build/libjpeg_jdhuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemansi.o build/libjpeg_jcsample.o build/libjpeg_jcinit.o build/libjpeg_jdatasrc.o build/libjpeg_jcapimin.o build/libjpeg_jcmaster.o build/libjpeg_jerror.o build/libjpeg_jidctflt.o build/libjpeg_jidctfst.o build/libjpeg_jcapistd.o build/libjpeg_jdapimin.o build/libjpeg_jchuff.o build/libjpeg_jmemmgr.o build/libjpeg_jctrans.o build/libjpeg_jdpostct.o build/libjpeg_jcmarker.o build/libjpeg_jdcolor.o build/libjpeg_jdinput.o build/libjpeg_jidctred.o build/libjpeg_jcprepct.o build/libjpeg_jdtrans.o build/libjpeg_jcdctmgr.o build/libjpeg_jfdctfst.o build/libjpeg_jfdctflt.o build/libjpeg_jdsample.o build/main.o  ${SELF_VARIABLES}
build/package_status_user.o : src/package/status_user.cpp ${ALL_INCLUES}
	g++ -O3 -o build/package_status_user.o -c src/package/status_user.cpp -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/package_package.o : src/package/package.cpp ${ALL_INCLUES}
	g++ -O3 -o build/package_package.o -c src/package/package.cpp -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/core_cvt_color.o : src/core/cvt_color.cpp ${ALL_INCLUES}
	g++ -O3 -o build/core_cvt_color.o -c src/core/cvt_color.cpp -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/core_graphic.o : src/core/graphic.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/core_graphic.o -c src/core/graphic.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/regress_graphic_regress.o : src/regress/graphic_regress.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/regress_graphic_regress.o -c src/regress/graphic_regress.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/transform_transform_filter.o : src/transform/transform_filter.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/transform_transform_filter.o -c src/transform/transform_filter.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/transform_transform.o : src/transform/transform.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/transform_transform.o -c src/transform/transform.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/transform_transform_math.o : src/transform/transform_math.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/transform_transform_math.o -c src/transform/transform_math.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/transform_transform_base.o : src/transform/transform_base.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/transform_transform_base.o -c src/transform/transform_base.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/transform_transform_high.o : src/transform/transform_high.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/transform_transform_high.o -c src/transform/transform_high.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_transupp.o : third_party/libjpeg/transupp.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_transupp.o -c third_party/libjpeg/transupp.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jquant2.o : third_party/libjpeg/jquant2.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jquant2.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jquant2.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jquant1.o : third_party/libjpeg/jquant1.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jquant1.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jquant1.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jccolor.o : third_party/libjpeg/jccolor.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jccolor.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jccolor.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdapistd.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdapistd.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdapistd.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdapistd.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdmerge.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdmerge.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdmerge.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdmerge.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jccoefct.o : third_party/libjpeg/jccoefct.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jccoefct.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jccoefct.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdatadst.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdatadst.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdatadst.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdatadst.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jidctint.o : third_party/libjpeg/jidctint.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jidctint.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jidctint.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jddctmgr.o : third_party/libjpeg/jddctmgr.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jddctmgr.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jddctmgr.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcomapi.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcomapi.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcomapi.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcomapi.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdmaster.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdmaster.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdmaster.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdmaster.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdmainct.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdmainct.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdmainct.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdmainct.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcphuff.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcphuff.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcphuff.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcphuff.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcparam.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcparam.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcparam.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcparam.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdphuff.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdphuff.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdphuff.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdphuff.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdmarker.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdmarker.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdmarker.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdmarker.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jfdctint.o : third_party/libjpeg/jfdctint.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jfdctint.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jfdctint.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdcoefct.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdcoefct.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdcoefct.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdcoefct.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jutils.o : third_party/libjpeg/jutils.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jutils.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jutils.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcmainct.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcmainct.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcmainct.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcmainct.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdhuff.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdhuff.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdhuff.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdhuff.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jmemansi.o : third_party/libjpeg/jmemansi.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jmemansi.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jmemansi.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcsample.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcsample.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcsample.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcsample.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcinit.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcinit.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcinit.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcinit.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdatasrc.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdatasrc.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdatasrc.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdatasrc.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcapimin.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcapimin.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcapimin.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcapimin.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcmaster.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcmaster.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcmaster.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcmaster.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jerror.o : third_party/libjpeg/jerror.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jerror.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jerror.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jidctflt.o : third_party/libjpeg/jidctflt.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jidctflt.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jidctflt.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jidctfst.o : third_party/libjpeg/jidctfst.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jidctfst.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jidctfst.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcapistd.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcapistd.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcapistd.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcapistd.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdapimin.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdapimin.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdapimin.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdapimin.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jchuff.o : third_party/libjpeg/jchuff.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jchuff.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jchuff.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jmemmgr.o : third_party/libjpeg/jmemmgr.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jmemmgr.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jmemmgr.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jctrans.o : third_party/libjpeg/jctrans.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jctrans.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jctrans.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdpostct.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdpostct.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdpostct.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdpostct.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcmarker.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcmarker.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcmarker.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcmarker.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdcolor.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdcolor.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdcolor.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdcolor.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdinput.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdinput.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdinput.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdinput.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jidctred.o : third_party/libjpeg/jidctred.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jidctred.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jidctred.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcprepct.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcprepct.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcprepct.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcprepct.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdtrans.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdtrans.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdtrans.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdtrans.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jcdctmgr.o : third_party/libjpeg/jcdctmgr.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jcdctmgr.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jcdctmgr.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jfdctfst.o : third_party/libjpeg/jfdctfst.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jfdctfst.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jfdctfst.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jfdctflt.o : third_party/libjpeg/jfdctflt.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jfdctflt.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jfdctflt.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/libjpeg_jdsample.o : third_party/libjpeg/jdsample.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/libjpeg_jdsample.o -c third_party/libjpeg/jdsample.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 
build/main.o : ./main.c ${ALL_INCLUES}
	gcc -O3 -o build/main.o -c ./main.c -Iinclude -Ithird_party/libjpeg 

clean:
	rm build/*.o
	rm GP_MAIN
	rm libpics.so